In preparation for my presentation on electronic waste, I heavily focused on explaining facts and providing statistics to the class in order for them to learn something new, or gain an increased understanding of the topic. After being present for most presentations that were given in class, I later understood that I should’ve involved more entertaining factors in my presentation in order to keep the audience’s attention and to get them hooked. I thought that by including content from other sources, such as videos, I would be wasting my presentation time and the audience will lose focus once another source has started to play. What I did not realize is that not only would that help me regain my thoughts but it would also create a more concise and interesting presentation. Therefore the best way I can restructure the content of my presentation, would be to add a video or an entertaining factor. I believe that I presented with enthusiasm and interest, but some audience members did not agree. That could be because I do not have much experience in speaking in front of an audience and I am usually shy and reserved. If I were to prepare differently next time, then I would spend more time practicing the presentation and speaking loudly and clearly for the audience to have a better understanding of what I am saying and that they can remain interested if they actually hear my presentation properly. Some enhancements my presentation needed would’ve been to include various forms of entertaining factors, as explained above, but more importantly I should’ve presentation to the audience various ways on how they can help to limit electronic waste and how they can not contribute to the issue and instead find a way to stop electronic waste. I should’ve researched more on the ways a regular civilian can take part of stopping the electronic waste trade to third world countries, ie: a petition. I am very passionate about this topic and I consider myself to be an environmentalist and so I believe I should present this topic on several different venues to raise experience. One great way I can help is to create a platform which could discuss electronic waste. Because I have experience creating websites, I could create a website that would educate regular folks like us on how to take care of our world and environment and what are the detrimental effects if we don’t. While I was looking at the feedback I received from the class, I was very proud of myself. Not only because the comments were very kind about the way I presented, but the appreciation of the content that I presented and the topic. Many did not know that electron waste was an issue in today’s world and how it can affect the entire world and human health. Out of the 24 responses that I received about 22 of them had learned something new from my presentation, so I would consider it to be a success. If I were to analyze my lower scores, the comments associated with them were the way on how I was presenting, which was the lack of volume and nervousness that I exhibited, but  a few were complaining, or a better term would be criticizing the topic and the content I presented on, and commented that I should’ve done further research to explain to the class on how they should help, and that I absolutely agree with and if I create a website I will surely keep that in mind and will add it, as I already mentioned above. Overall I really appreciated the comments I received and I will take into consideration all the ways on how I could improve. This class has taught me a lot about how working as a software developer in real life would be, not only on the technologies I learnt and the programming languages, but also on how to present to a group of peers which the same understanding and platform, and how to take criticism well, instead of complaining, to take the comments, improve, and create a plan on how one can make themselves better every step of the way. Thank you to our professor who allowed us to research our own topic and to present it to the class for them to learn something new, as well as us as the presenters.